
[[2025-02-16]]
- Book: [[Algorithms to live by]]
- A: Overall book is 7/10, fine to learn but hard to implement. Favorite algorithm was the caching because it validate all my habits
- P: Overall book is 8/10, easy to read and fun to learn but also felt hard to bring into everyday life. My favorite algorithm is on Bayes Theorem and probability.
- A: Thinks algorithms are being applied already and living through life situations I have been applying them
- P: Thinks that I have been applying the wrong ones because things out there are tricking me and my biases are blinding me
- P: Presents the rent vs buy situation to Aaron, challenges Aaron to use the assess whether his intuition actually follows algorithms
- Will read [[The Anxious Generation]] next and a dungeon crawling fiction book next 
# [[2023-09-15]]
- Book: decided to read [[Algorithms to live by]], then will read a fiction book

# [[2023-03-24]]
* Book: [[Misbelief]]
* Aaron read a bit but lost momentum
* Paul thinks it is getting pretty repetitive
# [[2023-12-17]]
* Book: [[Winning Fixes Everything]]
* What's interesting about this book to you?
	* A: How corrupted the GM and coach was
	* A: If someone is playing in the gray area a lot for advantages they are delving into corruptions
* Now you know about cheating in sport, do you watch with the same intent?
	* A always thought sports was clean with that Chinese swimmer
* Next book [[Misbelief]]
# [[2023-06-25]]
* Book: [[What is our problem]]
* How does this book compare to his blogs
	* P: similar and uses the same technique of introducing a concept with a catchy name and silly diagram to help you remember
	* A: Read the career path blog and recalls the "yearning octopus"
* Share the most influential quotes
	* A: "You can be even bigger, you can start a blog, start a podcast, write a book, tweet a tweet, spend 6 years to write a ebook/audiobook. Its not for everyone"
		* You felt this was the most important quote because it explains how to solve our problem, which is to get out there and have discussions (higher minded) with others. Which will also show others that you are out there
	* A: "If Donald Trump tells me to take the vaccine I would not take it - Kamala Harris"
	* P: "The good news is, our Primitive Mind has a roommate: the Higher Mind."
		* There is always to chance to get out of it
* Summarize the book in a sentence
	* A: We need to have more higher minded discussion with a diverse group of people to avoid blindly find a group and aligning yourself with it blindly, and also it is not in one group (its in all groups like liberal party)
* If you are making a move who would cast to make this (Aaron found these Qs)
	* The Scientist
		* Paul Deng
	* The Sports Fan
		* 
	* The Attorney
		* Aaron Deng
		* A: thinks most people are here
	* The Zealot
		* P: thinks most people are here
* Final Thoughts
	* A: good book very nice. 10/10. Because it changed my **entire view of life**
	* P: puts a lot of my observations into words that I couldn't express. 10/10, will re-read which I never do
* Next book [[Winning Fixes Everything]]
# [[2023-03-11]]
* Book: [[Black Swan]]
* What's your overall impression
	* A: Confusing, author hates the Gaussian curve. He presents a compelling argument for extremistan but he doesn't really give a method of forecasting for it
* Next book [[What is our problem]] and then [[Winning Fixes Everything]]
	* 1. Winning Fixes Everything [Aaron voted!]
	* 2. Anthropocene Reviewed
	* Finish [[What is our problem]]
# [[2022-08-21]]
- Book: [[Bad Blood]]
- What’s your overall impression
	- A: it was good, read it fast. Fun read. Crime like genre. Some fluff
	- Give a solid 8.5
- What your thoughts on Elizabeth
	- A: absolutely nutso 
	- P: being confident and able to talk can go a long way
- Favorite character
	- A: Walgreen tech guy who didn’t believe in Theranos
	- P: Sunny Belwani because he is crazy
- Least favorite character
	- A: hates Dr J because its the start of the end and the Safeway guy who were both FOMO
	- P: George Shultz because he sold out his grandson and try to blackmail him
- Memorable scene/quote
	- A: the whole ending part once the first journalistic piece to come out
	- P: when Elizabeth was able to convince the board to keep and then she fired them
- Next book [[Black Swan]]
	- 3. Monte Cristo [1pt + 1pt]
	- 1. The Black Swan [3pt + 3pt]
	- 2. Shoedog [2pt + 2pt]
