---
slug: brew-logs-2015
title: Brew Logs 2015
authors: pdeng
tags: [coffee, life]
---

## November 2015

* Beans: Honduras Medium Roast
* Grind Size: 2.5 notches visible - Coarse * Grind
* Coffee Portion: 27 g
* Water Portion: 460 ml
* Brew Time: N/A
* Color: Light hazel color and a fruity * aroma
* Taste: Light, sweet, bright, lemon * aftertaste
* Rate: 9.5/10

Note: Walked by a coffee shop I used to go on Baldwin and decided to pick up their roastry's beans on a whim. Great decision. I was first skeptical of the lemon/lime aftertaste, weary of it might overpower the beans, but it was just subtle enough that you only notice the taste as the coffee is swallowed. It leaves your palette clean and it is a wonderful ending note for this roast. Afterwards, I realized I left the grind setting from the coldbrew sessions, that left me confused as to which grind size I prefer for this bean.

## September 2015 (COLDBREW)

* Beans: Zavida Hazelnut Vanilla Bean
* Grind Size: 2.5 notches visible - Coarse * Grind
* Coffee Portion: 50 g
* Water Portion: 200 ml
* Brew Time: 11:00:00
* Color: "Clear", not muddled with any oil * or texture, looks just like black colored * water
* Taste: Clean and sweeter due to the cold * water extraction
* Rate: 7/10

Note: First time trying cold brew, a little late with the seasons but whatever. It wasn't too bad, a bit strong compared to Starbucks ones. That is, until I realized that at Starbucks they dilute the coffee with water before they serve it. So I tried that to temper the taste. Finally found a good use for the terrible vanilla beans I bought from Costco, it makes terrible pour overs and now it will be only used for cold brews.

## July 2015

* Beans: Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Bean
* Grind Size: 3.5 notches visible - Medium * Coarse Grind
* Coffee Portion: 27 g
* Water Portion: 450 ml
* Brew Time: 3:10
* Color: Transitions from dark black to a * creamy brown around the rim
* Taste: Light, mellow and sweet with hints * of floral aftertaste, not sharp or harsh. * Very easy to drink and neutral.
* Rate: 10/10

Note: Favorite beans so far, the beans were purchased at a local roaster in St.Lawrence Market near Front Street at Downtown Toronto.

## April 2015

* Beans: Continental Dark Roast
* Grind Size: 3.5 notches visible - Medium * Coarse Grind
* Coffee Portion: 24 g
* Water Portion: 287 ml
* Brew Time: 4:51
* Color: Oily film on top and incredibly * dark
* Taste: Bitter with a rough aftertaste, * Americano-esque.
* Rate: 5/10

Note: Fresh beans was notably different during brew, as more oxygen was released. The ground bloomed much more intensely compared to stale beans.

## March 2015

* Beans: Zavida Hazelnut Vanilla Bean
* Grind Size: 3.5 notches visible - Medium * Coarse Grind
* Coffee Portion: 27 g
* Water Portion: 450 ml
* Brew Time: 3:00
* Color: Brownish with light brown edges
* Taste: Awkward bitter taste with the * overwhelming hazelnut aroma. Throws the * entire brew off-balance.
* Rate: 3/10

Note: Terrible purchase, and to be fair I didn't buy it...
