- ☀️Daily Log:
    - Catch up on Chapter 12, didn’t end up finishing it last night
    - Last day before I start work, decide to write down some feelings so I can maybe reflect on it one day
    - There this calm excitement that I feel just below the surface. It is a good mix of knowing this will be a challenging hurdle ahead with the fear of unknown expectations. Like a kite before taking flight, not knowing if it will crash into the sand or catch the wind under the its fabric and soar into the air. I can only trust the reassurance of other people that I will be fine. Like happiness, when you are in it, you can’t know if where you are going is where you want to go. Going into this, I need to a have a good mindset, willing to put in the work in order to achieve success. In the past few months, I have had lots of talks with my close friends who are experiencing one kind of career crossroads or another. It all boils down to doing work that is challenging and rewarding. Sometimes there might be complaints of working too hard or getting paid too little, but I think the crux of it comes down to doing work that you are proud of. I felt that in my previous job, there was a good balance of that - or I have successfully convinced myself that it had a good balance of that. In either case, I have good memories of my job. I was working in a good team of people, mostly worrying about how to solve problems that were quite novel, using tools that were state-of-the-art, and not having to deal with much politics. I can only hope the new job will be similar in that sense. Looking at it on paper, this job is poised to give better pay and better experience at a world-renowned company, I am just hoping the smaller meta-details will also be above average. These past few days, I have been reviewing transportation modelling concepts and trying to anticipate what kinds of problems I will be asked to solve. How to develop a model to predict where to build supercharging stations? How to see the impact of building x number of supercharging stations? How to operationalize the price of the supercharging stations to maximize throughput? These are kinds of questions I expect my role is going to be focused on answering. I wonder if this will be the reality? #personal
- Retrospective::
    - One week ago: [[October 11th, 2020]]
    - One month ago: [[September 18th, 2020]]
    - One quarter ago: [[July 18th, 2020]]
    - One year ago: [[October 18th, 2019]]
- Daily Stoic::
    - Don’t focus on avoiding people who might be mean spirited; rather, make sure you are true with your own intentions
