- **Daily Log:**
    - Read a good quote on nature
        - “Drink water from the spring where horses drink. The horse will never drink bad water. Lay your bed where the cat sleeps. Eat the fruit that has been touched by a worm. Boldly pick the mushroom on which the insects sit. Plant the tree where the mole digs. Build your house where the snake sits to warm itself. Dig your fountain where the birds hide from heat. Go to sleep and wake up the same time with the birds - you will reap all of the days golden grains. Eat more greens - you will have strong legs and a resistant heart, like the beings of the forest. Swim often and you will feel on earth like the fish in the water. Look at the sky as often as possible and your thoughts will become light and clear. Be quite a lot, speak little - and silence will come in your heart, and your spirit will be calm and full of peace.” - Saint Seraphim of Sarov [[quotes]]
    - Met Amelia to talk catch up and say goodbye before I leave for California [[personal]]
        - “There is no finish line in this game, just different parts of the map to explore” - Paul Deng [[quotes]] 
        - It is still tough to see her, and have to say goodbye to her and us. But I always think from the other side and is thankful of this experience. I have grown on my emotional side that allows me to be more sensitive and receptive to things I would have not noticed before
- **Retrospective:**
    - One week ago: [[October 4th, 2020]]
    - One month ago: [[September 11th, 2020]]
    - One quarter ago: [[July 11th, 2020]]
    - One year ago: [[October 11th, 2019]]
- [[Tasks]]
    - {{query:  {and: [[roam/TODO]] {not: {or: [[query]] [[Overdue Tasks]]}} {between: [[today]] [[today]]}}}}
- 0 Results
- [[Overdue Tasks]]
    - {{query:  {and: [[roam/TODO]] {not: {or: [[query]]}}}{between: [[yesterday]] [[last month]]}}}
- 0 Results
- [[Upcoming Tasks]]
    - {{query:  {and: [[roam/TODO]] {not: {or: [[query]] [[archive]] [[Tasks]] [[Future Tasks]]}} {between: [[tomorrow]] [[next month]]}}}}
- 0 Results
- [[Future Tasks]]
    - {{query: {and: [[roam/TODO]] [[future]] {not: {or: [[query]]}}}}}
- 
